[Backend] NodeJS - week 1 (#146)
HackYourFuture-CPH/program: courses/backend/node/week1/session-materials/02-schema.md

# Schema

This week we will work with 2 tables:

> - A `users` table similar to week 1 but now with an added `token` column.
> - A `snippets` table containing (code) snippets that belong to a user.
> 
> Create a new database/schema `hyf_node_week2` containing the following tables:

Author: ```suggestion
- A `users` table.
- A `snippets` table containing (code) snippets that belong to a user.

Create a new database/schema `hyf_node_week1` containing the following tables:
```

> ```sql

Author: Generate schema for SQLite. They're not very different. LLMs are fairly good at this.
